chore: use connection pooling example (#174)
snaplet/docs: docs/06-tutorials/supabase-clone-environments.md

### Step 4: Install the Snaplet CLI

> 1. Open your terminal and run `npm i -g snaplet`

Reviewer: Howcome we changed this?

I'd say we should decide what we want to be the "main" way of globally installing snaplet, and use that throughout in the docs. The other docs seem to use `curl -sL https://app.snaplet.dev/get-cli/ | bash`, so maybe for consistency we keep that? Unless I'm missing something

Reviewer 2: I agree, but I think `npx snaplet` should be the main way.

Reviewer 2: > 
```suggestion
1. Open your terminal and run `curl -sL https://app.snaplet.dev/get-cli/ | bash`
```
